# 6000B_DeepLearning

Project 1

MSBD 6000B

In this project, you are required to train a model and then test on a test set. traindata.csv, trainlabel.csv, testdata.csv The training set includes a set of training data points stored in traindata.csv and the corresponding class labels stored in trainlabel.csv. Each line in traindata.csv corresponds to a training point. There are in total 57 continuous features separated by commas. Each line in trainlabel.csv contains the class label of the corresponding data point. You need to train a model on the training set and additional pre- or post-processing on the training set is allowed. You can use any classifer such as linear regression or SVM. You need to predict class labels of the test data points stored in testdata.csv, which has the same format as traindata.csv. The prediction of your model on the test dataset should be stored in a csv file where each line stores a predicted class label for one test data point. The file name of the csv file should be project1_student id. For example, if your student id is 10001, then the csv file should be named 'project1_10001.csv'. You have to submit a 1-2 page report in a pdf file on what model you used and pre-/post-processing (if any). The file name of the pdf file should be project1_student id_report. For example, if your student id is 10001, then the pdf file should be named 'project1_10001_report.pdf'. Grading will be based on the testing accuracy. Due date: 11:59pm, Nov 16, 2017. You need to open a Github account and put the source code, your prediction (in csv file) and report (in pdf file) in Github. Then email your Github link to WANG Weiyan, the TA for this course, via wwangbc@cse.ust.hk before the deadline.
